the next, you know, year or two years
are basically going to define the
companies that are successful for the
next decade, probably, right? If not
more.
>> I want to double-click on this massive
200-page, 400-page Google document that
you have. How would you describe that to
somebody and how do you use it?
>> So, basically, I mean, I can break down
the whole document. So, at the top, it
basically has like the couple things
that I want to remember, right? Um you
know, kind of like motivational things.
Some of the ones that I I care about the
most are prioritization. Like this is
something I think people have a really
hard time with is every, you know, like
3 to 6 months, you have to completely
redo how you do prioritization as a
leader, I think. Um and if you don't,
you're really going to start messing
things up. And then it has the top three
documents that I care about, tracking.
Um and so, it you know, if I'm concerned
about a certain part of the org, then it
will have, you know, like a revenue
tracker if I'm super concerned about
like
uh post-sales or we need to do much
better like customer service on the back
of things like that. It'll have a
document there that has like a bunch of
stats on that, right? And then under
that, it'll have what are the three
goals for the quarter? And almost
always, it's usually like one higher,
uh like one product feature. I mean, we
ship now we're getting to the point
where shipping like
four new products every quarter, um
which is awesome. But, you know, the one
I care about the most or I need to focus
on the most. And then like one major
area of the company I need to fix. And
then after that, it will have my daily
list. And I think the the thing that's
good about it, like all of the company
dashboard stuff and motivation, like I
think everyone has a version of that.
The thing that I think is actually good
is every day I rank everything I need to
do. And so, it's daily and then I
refresh it and then I cross them out.
And the re-ranking is I think really
important because what I found is the
more times I click into that doc that's
called the list and I re-rank something,
the more I think about what I'm doing.
Like meta thought about my thoughts. And
that is really good. That's when I'm
prioritizing the best, by far. That's
when my schedule looks the best, that's
when I'm performing the best, is how
many times do I click in that doc during
the day. Because it will make me reorg
something, put something in first place
in bold, and ignore everything else. So,
it's more of a prioritization like
document.
>> What do you say no to?
>> Most things.
Um and I think an increasing amount of
things as the company goes on. I used to
say no to
almost nothing.
>> What's your inner monologue when you're
sort of looking at something and you're
trying to decide does this make my list?
>> Yeah.
>> Or do you capture it, or do you just let
it go? Like what is that?
>> When I get really bad at it, I ask my
chief of staff to force me to write a
paragraph about why I'm going to take a
meeting. Full paragraph about why I
should take a meeting. And it's so easy
if you do it that way, because for 99%
of meetings or events or whatever, you
start writing the first sentence and
you're like, I don't want to do this.
And if you don't want to do this, and
you're like, this is a waste of time,
probably the meeting or the event is
also a waste of time. For the things
that I think are really important, when
I'm like, I got to write that paragraph,
I could write 20 pages.
>> Right. And it's easy.
>> It's really easy. Yeah, and so again, I
think this goes back to like how much of
your week and your day are you thinking
about what you're doing? Seriously. Like
what is the goal of the company right
now? Like what is the main bottleneck?
What is the main problem? And I think
like a good founder, and I'm not saying
I am anywhere close to one yet, but the
ones that I've I've seen, it seems like
what they're really good at is two
things. One is they built a machine.
And so because they've built a machine,
they have time to only focus on what is
the main bottleneck with the machine,
right? And so it's those are two
different skill sets, I think.
Um and you have to have both, right?
Because if all you're doing is like
bottlenecks before you've built a
machine, it's like
you're never going to hire the right
staff, you're never going to process
these right, you're never going to build
the right product. And so, you have to
be constantly, how do I building out the
machine? And then, once that machine is
somewhat built out, I think the number
one goal is just how do you improve that
machine constantly? And you kind of have
to think about your company that way.
And I think that that's hard because
that means you are going to be in pain
24/7. Because if something's going well
at the company, you are not going to be
working on it. Like, if there is a part
of the company that is running super
well, and there are no bottlenecks, I
ignore it entirely. Like, absolutely
entirely. And I try to only focus on the
things that are like burning. Um, and I
try to focus on like the number one
thing that's burning.
>> I want to come back to meetings for a
second cuz I want to tie this to
psychology, maybe and maybe not, you can
tell me I'm wrong. But, when you're
saying no to somebody, why is it we have
a problem saying no to people? You don't
want to take this meeting. You you this
paragraph, you're you're stressing,
you're like, "Oh, this doesn't make
sense. I don't want to Is that because
we want to be liked?"
>> The reason I think people have a really
hard time saying no
is
they say yes to a lot of things that
make them look good in the short term,
instead of being able to take the pain
of ignoring it, and then doing so well
because you ignored it, that people back
off. So, let me give you an example of
this. If a third party or like an
investor or someone like that says,
"It's really important for you to hire a
certain person right now." Right?
What you might end up doing is you take
a bunch of meetings with that C-suite,
right? And you take tons of those
meetings because the investor says, you
know, "You're having revenue problems,
right? And the reason you're having
revenue problems, it must be because you
don't have a certain C-suite, right?"
But, deep down, you're like, "The reason
we have a revenue problem is cuz there's
a problem with product. It has nothing
to do with like anything that's going on
here, right? It's not because we haven't
hired a chief revenue officer yet. It's
because the product isn't good enough.
But that has a delay.
And so what people want to do is they
want to start making improvements
so that third party can see it
immediately. So they'll start doing the
meetings cuz every time you do that
meeting, you get a pat on the back from
your VC or someone that says, "Good job.
You did that meeting. You're
progressing."
The alternative is you ignore everyone
and everyone thinks it's getting worse
and worse and worse and worse and worse.
And you go fix the issue that's actually
an issue. And then in a two quarters or
six months, all of a sudden the
company's doing really well. And that's
just so hard to do. Like that is you
face so much pressure as a founder that
it's really hard to do until you've kind
of proven yourself. And what I've found
is a lot of the best founders that I
look up to, they've had tons of moments
where the entire outside world is like,
"Go do this thing. Go do this thing. You
need to improve something." And they
just put blinders on and they completely
ignore everyone. And they go do the hard
thing that they know is actually going
to fix the the problem long-term. And
then six months later or year later, I
mean, hell, sometimes it's 10 years
later,
they're right. And I think that that's
the reason people have a really hard
time saying no is because you get
instant gratification from doing the
from making progress in the way that
people think progress is made. You don't
get instant gratification from being
like, "I think you're wrong and I know
the business better than you do and
really I need to go do this other thing,
but that's going to take me six months
to prove you wrong." That takes a lot of
conviction and a lot of discipline to be
able to do that.
>> If you were to create a Google document
of your principles for decision-making,
what would be in it?
>> So determine if something's a one-way or
two-way door immediately. Like that's
the first thing, right? Um with the idea
that baseline 99.9% of things is a
two-way door. The second thing is
what is go back to what is your number
one priority right now? Like what is
your P0?
Right? Um
and based off of what your P0 is, does
this help the P0? Does this hurt the P0?
Or is this irrelevant to the P0? Why
that's important is if it's irrelevant
to the P0, it doesn't matter that much
what decision you make. And so just do
something and go.
If it's negative to the P0, as in it
like takes distraction away from the P0,
the decision is no.
Full stop. And then three is be
realistic about who is going to be doing
it.
>> How would you explain Harvey to somebody
listening to this who doesn't work in in
legal?
>> What we're doing is building a system
for lawyers to use all of these models
to do their work in a much better way
and much more streamlined way.
That's an incredibly broad explanation
for what the company does.
Another way to think about it is we are
basically tracking the progress of all
of these models in the system and
applying it to an industry, right? So in
a way what you're kind of doing is
building like a legal brain, right? And
it's the same thing that other folks are
doing in other verticals like in the
medical vertical. It's like what you're
trying to build over time is a medical
brain. There are a lot of things to
break down there where what you have to
do is, okay, where is a model going to
do a lot of the work? Where is a human
going to actually be be reviewing this?
How do you change the processes and
structures of legal departments and law
firms? How do you change the process of
delivering these services? It's less
just, hey, we produce a product. It's
actually these products are
transitioning to how does the product
redefine how the the profession actually
operates.
>> So was there a moment when you were an
associate and you're like, oh my god, we
need to start
>> Yeah.
>> this firm? What happened?
>> So I um got very lucky where I met my
co-founder. Um yeah,
>> Gabe. And he had a background in AI
research. So, he was one of the first
folks at the at Google Brain. He was the
first Google Brain class, actually. And
then he worked at Meta after that. And
we became really good friends. We lived
together for a while. And he at the time
was trying to kind of push LLMs at Meta
like pretty pretty hard. And at some
point, I was like, "Can you just like
what what is an LLM? Can you show me one
of these things?"
And what was available at the time was a
public access point API to GPT-3.
>> Okay. This is like early 2022.
>> Yeah.
>> So, everyone had access to this. This
was very public. I'm very confused at
why not more people use this in like
other industries or just were talking
about it. And I started messing around
with it. And the first thing I actually
did with it was I used it to like help
run a Dungeons & Dragons game. It was
like the first thing. It's actually
really good at that. And I used it for
that at first. And then I was on a pro
bono case. And it was for
landlord-tenant law. And I don't know
anything about landlord-tenant law. Or
like I learned a little bit in law
school. I didn't remember it. I started
using it to do very basic like here's a
fact pattern. Here's a statute in
California.
You know, apply this fact pattern uh
to the same statute or the the statute
to the fact pattern. And it got really
good outputs. Then to kind of like test
it even more, we went on r/legaladvice,
which is a subreddit where people ask a
bunch of legal questions. And the answer
is almost always like, "Can I sue
somebody?"
And we grabbed a bunch of
landlord-tenant questions in California.
And we ran this chain of thought prompt
over them. And we basically gave it to
three landlord-tenant lawyers. And we
said, "Somebody asked this question." We
said nothing about AI. Just somebody
asked this question. And here's the
answer from a lawyer, right? Would you
send this? Like if you were the lawyer
here, would you send this with zero
edits? On 86 out of 100 of those
questions, three out of three attorneys
said yes. And that was the oh my god
moment for me and and for my co-founder
where we said we need to do something in
this industry.
>> And so what happened next? You get this
you get the response from the lawyers
and you're like, holy
And then what?
>> We so we got all of those outputs and
the thing that was happening kind of
like simultaneously is
Gabe had some friends
that were thinking about joining this
company called Open AI. We basically
said, "Hmm, we're using GPT-3 to do
this. Let's just cold email Sam Sam
Altman and the general counsel at the
time whose name is Jason Kwon. I think
he's the chief strategy officer now."
And we emailed them the results and we
basically said that I mean the body of
the email was basically, "Did you know
that the models were this good at
legal?" And we emailed them that. They
got back to us like pretty fast. We met
with Jason first and just kind of like
went through what we did in the process
with Reddit. We showed them like our
chain of thought prompts and and things
like that. And then we met with the rest
of the leadership team on actually the
4th of July and we pitched them our idea
for the company and we raised money
after that.
>> And they were your original investor?
>> Yeah, we didn't go to any other VCs or
anything like that. I mean I don't I
don't have a tech background and I'm not
from the tech industry. So I mean this
really was, "Hey, like we experimented
with this. We think this is an
incredible direction. Like if these
models get even slightly better, this is
going to change this entire industry.
Um did you know how good they are right
now and do you know anyone doing this?"
>> Talk to me about how you used to
convince lawyers
that this was viable and good product.
>> Yeah, the the hardest thing to do in the
beginning was actually get lawyers'
attention.
Um and so what I would do is I started I
was a litigator so I'd started started
with litigation examples and there's
there was a nice advantage where a lot
of what you file and if you're in
federal court, it has to be published
online, right? And so I could go and I
could find the last thing like argument
that they made and I could actually find
the document where they made that
argument. And so, on the demos, what I
would do is I'd grab that, and I'd say,
"What's good about this argument? Could
you argue against it? Like, how would
you How would you poke holes in this,
you know, this contention?" Things like
that. And you'd go from the lawyer like
I used to have demos in the beginning
where lawyers would literally be on
their phone. I would show them I mean,
at the time I thought it was like AGI
itself. Um and I'd show them this, and
they would just like look at their phone
and not pay any attention. And when I
started saying, "Hey, you filed a brief
last week in, you know, Apple v.
whatever case, and you want to see how
Harvey would analyze that brief and
argue against you?" I mean, they were
completely You know, it's like that meme
where the guy's with his video game like
this, and then all of a sudden he was
Yeah, it's like that. And they would
just watch the screen and read every
single word that came out of Harvey. Uh
super risky, because, you know, a decent
amount of time it'd hallucinate and get
something wrong. And if it hallucinated,
the lawyer was like, "Okay, this is
useless. Like, get me off this demo."
But when it worked, it worked super
well. The riskiest version of this is we
did it during our
series A pitch to Sequoia. Where Sequoia
grabbed a bunch of lawyers that they
knew, and they had us demo to them. And
I just I remember Peg Grady emailed me
afterwards and was like, "Is that what
you normally do?" Because it got them
really riled up. And you know, it it
ended up working where we picked a use
case it worked, but we found like a
argument that they had done, and I
showed basically like analyzing that
brief. And it was a good analysis.
Um and so I I think like a lot of what
we had to do in the beginning was
literally just get lawyers to pay
attention, cuz they're super busy,
right? Um and it was just figuring that
out. The personalization of all these
demos matters so much, cuz I don't think
you get it until you really feel it on
something that you work on.
>> I feel like so many people tried ChatGPT
on like the first week
>> Yeah.
>> and they were like, "Oh, it's
hallucinated." and they kind of wrote it
off.
>> they're still not using it because of
that. Like I think there are still folks
that have tried this like 3 years ago
and they had a hallucination one time
and they're like, "Yeah, we're not going
to do that." I mean, we had this with
Harvey where we had, you know, we've had
so many folks that said, "We tried your
product like 3 years ago. We didn't
think it was good enough and we don't
we're unsure if it's improved." And then
they log in and they're like, "I don't
even remember trying the product 3 years
ago." Like this is so different. And I
think that also that rate of technology
change people aren't really used to and
especially folks that are not in the
tech industry, right? And with what's
happening in AI right now, every release
is a massive step change. And I think
it's hard for people to wrap their
mental models around that and think
about, "Oh, how do I create How do I
become, you know, antifragile where I'm
okay with making different choices and
really think about the future when
everything is changing so quickly?"
>> The sponsor of this show is CoinShares.
While most of the industry was still
arguing about whether digital assets
were legitimate, CoinShares was quietly
building the infrastructure to invest in
them properly. They now manage over 6
billion in assets and have stayed
profitable through every market cycle.
Fully regulated with the kind of
transparency and governance that serious
investors actually expect. Whether it's
crypto ETFs, active strategies, or
Bitcoin mining ETF exposure, you can
access all of it through your existing
brokerage account. CoinShares, the
adults have arrived. Learn more at
coinshares.com. This is not investment
advice.
>> You're in meetings all day. You're
trying to stay present, but you're also
worried you'll forget the decision, the
action item, the important next step.
That's where Granola comes in. Granola
is an AI-powered notepad for meetings.
You jot down rough notes like you always
do, and in the background Granola
transcribes and turns them into clear,
useful notes when the meeting ends.
There are no bots joining your calls, no
distractions, just a clean notepad that
helps you focus. During or after the
call, you can chat with your notes. You
can ask Granola to pull out action
items, help you negotiate, make a
decision, write a follow-up email, and
so much more. I even use it when I'm
listening to podcasts. Once you try it
on a first meeting, it's hard to go
without. Head to granola.ai/shane
and get 3 months free with the code
Shane. That's granola.ai/shane.
>> Is there any advice you've been given
but not taken?
>> Yes.
Uh I I think like hiring senior
executives, I've been very up and down
about it. Um I think I was told to I was
told to hire senior executives very,
very early on, and I refused, and then I
refused too long. I refused like I'd say
about 6 months too long. But if I would
have taken the advice when it was given,
I think it would have been a huge
mistake.
>> How did you know that you were late?
>> Um
I saw the impact of what happened when I
hired them. The main advantage of being
a founder of a company is if you are
always on, which I tried to be,
what you have is you have the context
from day one, right? And if you're
always on, your brain all your brain has
to do is do the delta between day one
and day two, right? And so the reason
founders are so valuable, I think, to
understanding their business and looking
forward and both and looking forward and
looking back is actually just because
the cognitive load of taking everything
about the business day over day makes it
so you can kind of understand everything
that's going on, and it's not incredibly
difficult to do that. Whereas if you're
a newcomer and you just come into a
company,
you don't have that. And so you're
starting from zero, and you have 10
years of context that you have to
somehow absorb, right? And so my my
point in answering that way is you just
have a very good pulse on the company,
and you can tell, oh, if I would have
made this change about 6 months ago,
this would have moved these things
forward, and this problem about hiring
the senior exec wouldn't have existed,
and I waited a little bit too long to do
that, right? You just have a sense for
it.
>> What was the darkest moment as you were
building this, when everything felt like
it was just caving in, and you were
about to give up or quit?
>> One of them was super early on.
We thought
We we basically thought that there was
going to be a way to like one-shot
ourselves into like building the company
instead of doing it the hard way. And
the way we This was like
early 2024, so about like a year and a
half into the company, a little bit
less. The idea was basically we're going
to buy this company that ended up It was
10 times bigger than us, people-wise.
Um and about the same like we're going
to trying to buy the company for the
same a little bit higher valuation than
we were valued at. We tried to buy it,
we kind of like signed actually the deal
um before we had the money. So like what
old uh private equity funds used to do.
Uh right? Like KKR used to do this all
the time, where they'd basically like
sign the deal for the leverage buyout,
and then they go raise the money.
Um it was a very common thing they used
to do. And that's kind of what we did,
and so we got the term sheet, we like
locked them up for a certain amount of
time, and then we went to go uh get the
money. And of the money we were short,
uh
we got like a lot of it. We were trying
to raise um like around like 700 million
or something like that. And we got I
think like 500 in clean equity. And then
the deadline was there. And we had an
option, we could have taken like a a
loan basically with like pick. The
problem with those is if you take that
debt, if you don't fulfill the debt
obligation, somebody else can own the
company. Right. So it's not in in
dollars, it's actually in percentage
points of the company. Uh it's called
payment in kind.
And we decided not to do that. And when
that happened and I remember just
pulling it off and telling the other
side we weren't going to do it and
everything like that, I thought the
company was over. I was just like, I
don't think
I don't think like we can build fast
enough. I think the model providers are
just going to eat us. I think that like
without this other company we're
screwed. And it forced us to basically
go and like build the company. Like
actually build the company. Like go hire
the right people. Put the right work
into product. Do the correct scaling
processes. Do all of these things.
>> What was the process from that not
working out and the moment you knew this
wasn't going to happen, do you see that
as failure to getting to that point
where you What was your inner monologue?
>> It's like 24 hours.
Um it's really fast. And I think like
the reason it was so fast And by the
way, I've had a lot of periods like
this. Like I've had other times when
we've like failed massively and I had
like 24 hours of like it's all over. And
then you like wake up the next morning
you're like, we can do this again. I
mean, hell, that happens once a week
probably. You get used to it. And
like I think I've had a lot of times in
my life when I thought everything was
over. Like
when I
like got basically failed out of my
first like high school I went to. I was
like, this is over. This is done. I
remember when like I took the LSAT for
the first time and I didn't quite get
what I got. I was like, okay, well,
that's over. But my point is you just
have to get used to this of like it's
over, it's over, it's over, it's over
and then everything's fine. And now, you
know, you take those moments and then
you just get like a you build
resilience. Like you build resilience
for for losing, for, you know,
suffering, things like that. And I think
you get the same thing in the company.
And one thing that gives me I'm more
confident in the company today than I've
ever been confident about the company.
Which is weird because externally we
face way more threats than we did last
year. It's not even close. Like it's 10
times the amount of threats as we did
last year.
But the reason I'm so much more
confident in it is I now have a team of
people that I have failed with so many
times. Like we have taken crazy risk. We
have massively butchered product lines
and then recovered them and made them
much better. We have made the wrong
hires. We've tried to buy a company
super early on that would have collapsed
us. We've done all of these things, you
know. We've had tons of folks be like
it's over. And because of that, I just
feel very confident in my team's like
resilience and their ability to adapt
and strive and get through the next
problem. Um and you know, I I don't like
wish this upon the company. Like I don't
wish like that tomorrow there's also
like a crazy chasm and we're in a huge
amount of trouble.
But I kind of do in the sense of
if we get all of those done now, then
we'll get better way faster.
>> Not everyone sort of buys into like Zen
being the best way to unlock yourself.
How do we make stress work for us?
Because when I listen to you talk about
stress
before this,
I almost think of like stress maxing in
your head. Like you're actually
intentionally seeking out stress.
>> Well, I mean, you want to maximize it
before it does too much damage to you,
right? So
if there are 10 things that you're
really stressed about, right?
You should probably try to do those
early on in the company.
Because if you get really good at them
and you Every time you do one of those
things, it should reduce your stress.
Even if you do a bad job. And it's the
same for any sort of decision. So like
firing people, right? Like that's a
stressful thing to do in the beginning.
Um but the impact of of firing someone
when you're a 10-person company, right?
It's probably not going to destroy your
company.
Uh if you avoid firing an executive or
something like that, that's a huge
problem when you're a massive company,
it could kind of implode your company,
right? And so my point of the the stress
maxing is you want to keep stress maxing
because you'll reduce your stress for
that thing long-term.
>> I like the Do you think stress focuses
you?
>> Yeah, massively. Um I think it's less
it's less stress, it's going through
stress and then that reduces it for the
next thing. Like I think like one of
one of the things that I've I'm good at
for This is maybe not even good at, it's
just I do it a lot and it's could be
good or bad. I make decisions really
fast, like really, really fast. And I do
that for two reasons. One is
I really care about knowing what's going
on in the company the entire time. And
part of that is just because I've never
taken any time off really. And so you
just all you have to do is update my
contacts window from like the one day to
the next, that's it. Like that's all I
have to do. And the other part of that
is I've also done every part of the
company. Like I've played every single
role at the company at one point. Like
I've run everything at some point and
then hired somebody to take that. And so
that gives me a lot of com- confidence
and then I know what's going on and I
have a good pulse on the company.
And then the second reason is
everything that I regret at the company
or whenever I regret something, it's not
making a decision fast enough. It's not
I made the wrong decision. What I've
always regretted is sitting at the
bottom of the stairs for too long
instead of jump up a stair and then I'll
figure it out and then jump up a stair
and I'll figure it out and then jump up
a stair I'll figure it out. And I think
like the the problem with that is that
can be really thrashy. And so a lot of
what I'm trying to do is like here are
the principles for how I make decisions
and as a team, can we come together on
those principles so we all make faster
decisions? And I think that's like the
next scaling challenge that I need to
do, to be honest, where
like I think in a way the operating
system
kind of right now is like, okay, what is
my anxiety and then I push on different
parts of the company based off of that
anxiety. And the the way I want to
transform the company, and I think we're
starting to do it, is
here are like the general concerns, and
this is how as a company, based off of
these principles, we approach them.
Um and I'm just starting to do that, but
I think that's like the next step.
>> Would you say you're hyper-sensitive to
threats?
>> You have to be to some degree, right?
But you don't want to over-rotate,
either. So, one thing I think I did
wrong last year was there were like a
multiple threats to the company that I
overreacted to, right? And one thing
that happens to you as a CEO is
the diameter or the amount of pressure
that you can exert increases massively.
What I mean by this?
When you're like a 50-person company,
and the CEO's stressed about something,
right? Everyone kind of knows each
other. And so, they all kind of like
know how to react to that stress, and
they can kind of absorb it, and we all
move on. When you're an 800-person
When you're an 800-person company, if
the CEO gets too stressed about
something, the whole company will move
like based off of that stress. And that
is such a big problem. Like, that's how
you create thrash. You create thrash by
you get overly stressed about
everything, and then people don't know I
mean, it's like the boy who cried wolf.
Like, they don't know what actually
matters, what doesn't matter. And so, a
lot of what you have to do, I think, as
a founder is figure out
you know, how do I manage my own stress,
and then how do I explain and diffuse
this stress throughout the company in a
healthy way?
>> How do you take care of yourself?
>> It's a good question, and it's a work in
progress.
Like, getting enough sleep and working
out are the main things for me. It's
it's not even close. If you wake up
right in the morning and you go on a
run, I found that that's like
incredible, because everything else
through the rest of the day you get like
a a shock, basically, and then the rest
of the day you're like calm her for
everything else. So, I think that works
super well. The other thing, too, is
prioritization. So, a lot of the reason
people get stressed is because they're
doing too many things and they can't
everything's feels like chaos, right?
But, if you prioritize things correctly,
I think that you can actually know and
have like a very good handle on all of
the problems at the company, right?
Because what you do is you take the
stuff that isn't really a huge problem,
you just put that somewhere else, right?
And so, all you're paying attention to
are the problems. And if you do that
over time, you're way less stressed
because you might be stressed about one
thing, but it's again not as trashy. You
aren't poking as much cuz you're trying
to fix the same thing. And you don't
feel like there's a thousand things that
are going wrong. You feel like there's
one thing that is terminal, right? Um
but, you can just focus on how do you
incrementally improve that terminal
issue.
>> How do you maintain urgency? You're sort
of
in a sprint here.
>> Yeah. The best way to do this is hiring.
There's no other way to do it. Um
it is hiring and culture. And so, what
you need to do is hire a very good team
that all feels the same way you do. And
what your job then is is how do you
instill a sense of urgency into the rest
of that team? And then those leaders
will instill it into their team, and
then those leaders will instill it into
their team, right? So, it's more how do
you create a culture and a hiring
process that hires and promotes people
that have a sense of urgency and can
instill that into the rest of folks cuz
that will scale. If it's just you
poking, you're just going to cause so
much trash that the company's not going
to move in a good direction.
>> What's the one thing you look for when
hiring people? Like the most critical
thing.
>> Right now, when I'm hiring executives,
the thing I look for the most is they
have to believe the same thing that I
believe, which is
the next, you know, year or 2 years are
basically going to define the companies
that are successful for the next decade,
probably, right? If not more. You have
to be able to think about kind of all of
your decisions as that way, right? So,
one of the main things that I found
that's hard with hiring people is people
think too many things are one-way doors.
Oh, my way too many things are one-way
doors. They just aren't. Like and I
think again this goes back to the stress
or making mistakes.
You have to just make tons of mistakes
with things that you think are one-way
doors
to realize that not everything is a
freaking one-way door, right? I like
moved multiple high schools, right? I
guess technically when I when I got
kicked out of.
But I moved multiple high schools. It
was not the end of the world. Each time
that happened, I was like yeah, probably
like we're done, right? And I remember,
you know, I got like really bad grades
in high school and my life wasn't over.
And I think that there are just so many
folks that have these such prestigious
backgrounds and they've never gotten a B
in their entire lives, like ever,
probably, right? And so they think
everything is the end of the world,
right? And you can't hire people like
that cuz they will break.
They will massively break because the
reality is these companies are moving
too fast. The world is too tumultuous
right now. You're going to lose. Like
you're going to lose so many times and
you're going to lose a bunch and you're
going to win a bunch and you have to
have a tolerance for doing that or
you're just going to break. No one at
the company ever has been let go because
they made too many mistakes. It's never
happened. I've I have personally never
done it. I've never
ever fired someone or anything like that
because they made too many mistakes.
They always broke. And the thing that
broke was they started to get decision
paralysis. They started to not be able
to scale. They didn't hire a good team.
They were afraid to hire people that
were better than them. All of these
things that I think again were just it
was scary and they didn't scale
throughout, right? And I that's like
what I'm looking for a lot is are you
able like what is your rate of learning?
What is your are you going to be okay
with making mistakes? Can you have
failures? Can you learn from them? What
is your resilience? That I think is
really important, too. And what is your
company's resilience? Like that I think
is something that a lot of companies are
going to face pretty soon.
>> I think people often
they don't step their decisions. It's
like I'm going to walk to the top of
this flight of stairs and they don't
think about well, to get to the top
you're actually going to take one step
and then another step and then another
step. Why do you think that people look
at decisions that way?
>> It's less scary. So I think there's
actually another problem with that. Like
to use your analogy of you're walking to
the top of the stairs, right? And they
will basically plan out these are the
stairs that I'm going to walk on
>> Right. Each way to the top.
>> spot.
>> In this spot on the yeah, yeah. Maybe
there's like 10 options of stairs and
it's like I'm going to do this one then
this one then this one then this one and
gets to the top before they start
walking. What's even worse that I've
seen is A people do that which is bad in
itself. B is they start walking and you
can imagine that each step in the stairs
you can see more, right? You can see
like more about what your surroundings
you you'd see more about the path ahead
of you
and they're stubborn and they go no, I
won't change.
And
I'm step three in
and I've I can see being step three in
that like I only need to take one more
step.
But I'm going to keep doing it the way I
said I was going to do it because I
don't want to be wrong. I don't want to
have to adapt. I don't want to have
failed. People are just so afraid of
failure. Like they're so incredibly
afraid of failure and they think of the
wrong thing as failing. Like
building a company is a thousand
failures and then a couple successes.
And I think what people don't realize is
that you have to fail constantly in
order to succeed at bigger things,
right? Like you have to make a million
bets and then one of them pays off. And
people are really unwilling to do that
because they think each one of those
bets is a failure, and then you're done.
I think Elon has tweeted something about
this, too, where it's like the first 50
times you fail, it like really sucks.
It's awful. And then you just like don't
care. And there's some people, again,
maybe this is going back to like the
optimizing stress, optimizing failure,
optimizing these things. You want to
build that tolerance really fast because
if you don't build it fast for the
smaller things, like the baby steps,
then you're not going to have it for the
big things. And if you can't do that on
the grander scale, right? And the the
grander stage, I guess, then you're
going to fully collapse.
>> How do you assess resilience when you're
hiring somebody?
>> You can ask some like I I try to spend a
lot of time on like tell me about your
life, like what do you want to do? What
do you like doing? Like tell me mistakes
you've made, things like that. Like you
can do it in the hiring process, right?
What I like to do a lot is I go through
like a Google Doc and I do like a live
editing process. Um so, I'll I come up
with a Google Doc that has like a bunch
of questions or like a project to do,
and we'll do it live async. Part of that
is cuz I really like to work async, and
so I need to be able to work with
someone async, and it's a good like
litmus test to tell that. The other
thing that it does is
you can tell when some people like take
too long.
Like they'll write like a 20, you know,
paragraph response to something. And
you're like, you're just hedging
constantly. Like this was basically a
like option A or option B question,
right? And you can tell that if they're
massively hedging like that, what are
they going to be like in high-stakes
decisions?
>> It seems like we now live in a world
where a very slight difference in skill
is leveraged to a degree it's never been
leveraged before. Talk to me about that.
>> that's what I'm seeing across our
company just massively, where
like the people who were I already
thought were like 10x are now 100x.
Um and so, I do think you're you're
seeing like the power law of
ability Um just increase by a lot,
right? And there's a couple reasons for
this. One is the communication, like
getting rid of communication gaps,
because sometimes it was hard to tell if
someone was good because really what was
happening is they had a lot of good
ideas, but they couldn't communicate
them, right?
There's I know so many people that are
like geniuses, but they have such a hard
time communicating to other people, and
the coding models are incredible at
this. I'll give you a really simple
example. Something I do a lot now is the
models have gotten so good that I can
use a really complex, like something
that's really complex in legal, right?
Like multi-jurisdictional fund formation
and you have to do like the how you do
tax exemptions and all these things.
I can just say, "Can you give me an
example in engineering that's similar to
this?"
>> Yeah.
>> And the models are so good that they'll
come up with like a one-pager that is
like a perfect comparison.
>> Yeah.
>> That's I know like kind of a silly
example, but there's so many ways to do
translation now. And because there's so
many ways to do translation, you can you
can really see like who's coming up with
the good ideas. And that's only one
reason. The second reason is you just
don't need to communicate. Like you can
just go and on the weekend on a Sunday,
if you're a really good engineer, you
can just go build something. And then
just shoot it off into, you know, the
general Slack and people can see what it
is. And so you don't even need those
communication barriers, right? Some of
some of the best producing people on
Earth are terrible communicating and
terrible at working with others. And a
lot of what you sometimes have to do as
a company is how do you create a
situation for those folks to succeed?
Because they can't manage up. You know,
they don't look as prestigious. They
maybe not don't have like the resume
that everyone likes.
They aren't as good at communication,
and they can be hard to work with, but
they're geniuses. They're like
incredible. They're so good at what they
do. And how do you create an environment
for that? The coding models are going to
make it so that those folks can do
better, like better than they've ever
done before. What do you think of the
second and third order consequences of
slight variations in skill being
leverageable to a degree we've never
seen before?
>> I think it's the same thing that happens
in sports, right? So like in sports
being a little bit faster compounds,
right? If you're a little bit faster
than your opponent in basketball, right?
You will just slightly get the ball in
front of them every time. You will
slightly put your hand up a little bit
higher to get the the shot off, right?
You will slightly put your hand in front
of their hand before they pass the ball
and block it, right? Like
I think it's the same thing where
you can take those competitive
advantages and now all of the sudden
you're winning most of the time, right?
And I think that that's what's going to
end up happening in knowledge work
where, you know, if an attorney is is
slightly better or slightly faster,
they're going to get all the work. And
that that kind of already does happen,
by the way. Like you have this thing at
a lot of the law firms where, you know,
you call them rainmaker partners. And
you know, there's an argument of like
how many how much better are they at
every single task than everyone else?
Like probably not that much better, but
they're slightly better at a couple
things and then those things compound.
And then the vast majority of work goes
there.
>> I was thinking as you were saying that
one of the I don't know, my mind just
went off here, but
you can identify
who has good arguments and who has bad
arguments.
>> Yeah.
>> In law firms. So you could identify like
junior associates who actually have the
strength of argument
>> Yeah.
>> of maybe a senior or partner level
associate.
>> And this is a really good point is
right now in in law firms, it's
basically lockstep. So if you're better
than everyone else in your class, you
get promoted the same rate everyone else
does until like year eight or nine and
then they decide like if you're going to
be partner or not, right? And I think
law firms are going to they're going to
have to change this. Like they're going
to have to say, "Hey, this associate is
better." Like this associate is better
at XYZ and we're going to promote them
faster than the other ones because that
time to partner is going to matter. And
I think there are a lot of industries
uh that are locked up and you basically
get rewarded by how senior you are, not
how good you are necessarily. And I'm
not saying that like wisdom and and
knowledge from being, you know, more
senior isn't important. It can make you
better. But in some instances,
it doesn't, right? Um and I think that's
something that we've tried to balance a
lot at Harvey where we hire a lot of
like execs that have been there, done
that. But we also promote a lot
internally, right? Because sometimes
folks are better than executives that I
could have hired that were more senior,
who have seen that, done that because
they just have higher raw talent. And so
it's better to invest in the junior um
because the slope is just going to keep
going and in 2 years, 3 years, they're
going to be way higher than the senior
exec that you thought about hiring.
>> Totally. It's almost like a an equalizer
or meritocracy or bringing more
merit-based to firms that are
>> I think that's right. And I I think like
my gut is firms are going to start
thinking about that more. And part of it
is because, you know,
the how fast you can learn, how much you
can adapt, how well you can interact
with clients,
those things can compound, right?
Versus, "Oh, I've just been doing this
for a long time and so I understand the
law better than you."
>> What would you tell people in law school
today?
>> The weird thing is I would actually tell
them the same. The first year of law
school is, I think, perfect. It's like
really good. Um cuz the first year in
law school you take like basic like
contracts, con law, all these things.
And most of the cases you read about and
the law that you read about is not good
law anymore.
Like it's law from like 50 years ago or
something like that.
>> Oh, it's not relevant.
>> It's super relevant, no. But, why it's
helpful is it teaches you how to
critically think. It teaches you how to
make arguments. It teaches you how to do
research, all of those things. That's
super relevant, right? And I don't think
that's going to go away. It's It's maybe
a little bit kind of like um you are
learning how to do create the critical
skills that make you a good lawyer,
right? And you're building that muscle,
rather than you're learning anything
about the actual law. And then the
second and third year of law school, I
think those need to be massively
changed. Um cuz the second and third
year of law school uh you kind of take
like some specialty courses and things
like that. I don't think it's as
relevant anymore. You need a hands-on
experience, I think, starting then. So,
the thing that I would tell law students
is actually pretty much the same, which
is I think that if you can understand
cut like your clients super well, and
you understand an industry super well,
you're going to do great. Like AI isn't
going to massively impact you. If you
think that your competitive advantage is
you were the best at writing briefs, or
you were the fastest at doing research,
or something like that, that was never
your competitive advantage. Like I don't
think it ever was, right? And if you
look at like the top lawyers who succeed
really well, those are the ones who I
think have mastered what you master in
the first year of law school, plus
understand a business and understand
their clients really well. And I think
that that is only going to have a
premium, right? And I think this is
going to happen across every single
industry, where whatever the top things
are in that industry are just going to
get compounded. I don't think that those
things are not like no longer going to
be the top skills. I think it's just the
other skills really don't matter. Does
that make sense?
>> Yeah, so it's sort of like slight
variations in your skill or your
argument will be amplified.
>> Massively. Yeah, and but your ability to
read a room, your ability to understand,
you know,
it depends on the practice area, right?
Like if you're a trial attorney, um my
sense from the best trial attorneys that
I've met is, you know, a lot of what
they're very good at is like coming up
with a story that makes sense to a jury,
right? And I don't see how these models
are necessarily going to make that not
relevant anymore, right? I think that
that's still you have to understand each
jury member and yes, there's tons of AI
you can use to like get more data and
things like that on what works and AB
test etc. But at the end of the day, I
think that that's a very human ability
to kind of like sit in a trial in a
courtroom and understand ah, I think
that you know, this is the type of this
is the the way that I should argue this
case that makes the most sense. And then
the same, you know, if you're an M&A
attorney, the the folks that I've met
that are the best deal attorneys it's
like they're not the best at like
drafting SPAs or going through diligence
rooms or anything like that. What
they're the best at is the two
principals, you know, the the folk one
person's trying to buy a company and the
other one's selling it, they're really
good at oh, we're arguing about
something. How are we going to figure
out how to mediate that argument or you
know, there's 10 things that they're
asking for, but I think to be honest,
they only want number two, right? And
the other ones I think are smoke
screens.
That's the type of skill set that really
differentiates lawyers today. I don't
see that being any different tomorrow. I
think that it's just going to compound
the amount that that it gives you an
advantage as an attorney. And the value
is going to accrue to those decision
points instead of all the work that's
being done to make the decision. Does
that make
>> Because a human is doing the decision
point, is that why the value is there?
>> Yeah, exactly.
>> But do you think a human will I mean, in
the foreseeable future always be doing
that or does AI get to a point where
it's actually better than humans at
that?
>> Yeah, I think maybe a a good way to
think about this is in professional
services, I think there's two types of
work.
There are there is I have work done,
which is like I deliver a work product,
right?
And that is going to get fully
commoditized. So, if it is, you know, I
need this contract I need a thousand
contracts reviewed and then after I've
reviewed all those contracts, I'm going
to make a decision. The reviewing of
those contracts is going to get
automated, for sure.
That decision at the top is not. And so,
you have one side which is basically,
you know, here here is what the work
product, right? Or I need work to be
done, and then the decision or advice.
The decision or advice is not going to
go anywhere. In fact, my guess is it's
actually going to be more valuable over
time.
>> Why?
>> Because you only really get that from a
bunch of experience, right? And the
experience is usually something that
will be very difficult to distill into
the models, right? So, an example of
this is when you're doing a large M&A,
a lot of the very good like top M&A
attorneys, what they are good at is they
actually know personally all the other
folks, like all the players. And so,
what they're ending up becoming is
actually like deal advisors of I know
that this is actually what they want. I
know that this is what they're going to
push back against, etc. And I think it's
going to be very difficult for the
models to get that data over time.
>> I wanted to see what it would feel like
having an AI version of me challenge my
own thinking. So, I built one with
HeyGen. Let's see how this goes. Hey
Shane,
I've read every podcast transcript,
every newsletter, and every book you've
written.
I know how you think.
Probably better than you do right now.
What do you want to know?
Invert this for me. After almost a
decade of doing The Knowledge Project,
what would quietly make the show worse
without me noticing? The best
interviewers get worse over time. They
stop asking dumb questions. They get
comfortable.
They start performing instead of
listening.
The risk isn't that you fail, it's that
you don't notice when you have.
Okay, I can't really argue with myself
on that one. That's HeyGen. Record
yourself for 15 seconds and get an AI
avatar that delivers professional video
on demand. No camera, no crew, in over
175 languages. Already used by 30
million people, including 85% of the
Fortune 100. Your first three videos are
free at heygen.com.
h e y g e n.com
Ever hit 3:00 p.m. and feel like your
brain just quit? For a lot of people,
that's not caffeine or sleep. It's
electrolytes, and water alone won't fix
it.
That's why I drink element every day
after lunch. Zero sugar, no dodgy
ingredients, just a real dose of sodium,
potassium, and magnesium.
I know you're all thinking electrolytes
are for athletes, but you don't have to
be an athlete to benefit from it, and it
tastes great. Stay sharp in the
afternoon and grab a free eight-count
sample pack with any purchase at
drinkelement.com/tkp.
That's drinklmnt.com/tkp.
>> If you had to guess, what does it look
like in 5 years?
>> My guess is we're going to get to a
stage where
agents are running a very large portion
of this, and humans get really good at
reviewing the outputs of agents, and
understanding where they might have made
a mistake.
This is also what senior lawyers are
really good at already.
>> So, law firms, what it sounds like is
they'll be getting smaller.
>> Yeah.
>> Um and doing more work.
>> I don't know if law firms are
necessarily going to get smaller,
because there's actually a world in
which
because AI allows you to
institutionalize your knowledge faster,
and work across a a lot of different
projects faster,
you might actually be able to scale
faster as a law firm than you used to be
able to in the in the past, but you will
need less people per project, right? But
the other thing, as long as you have
less people per project,
you might have like way more projects.
So, I'll give you really good example of
this. Um or like a very simple one. We
are going to have a bunch of regulations
about AI use, for sure. There's no
universe in which we aren't going to end
up there, right? In the same way we have
a lot of audit restrictions on banks,
right? For like when you make a trade,
you have to put XYZ down. That's going
to happen for models, for sure, right?
Who's going to be in charge of that,
monitoring that? Lawyers, right? The
legal department. And so,
there is an area where I think like
there is going to be a massive expansion
of legal work. Think about like a data
room, what a data room is going to have
in 10 years, if you've been using AI to
create all the contracts. It's going to
be 20 times larger, right? 50 times
larger. It might get to a point,
honestly, where we have agents that are
basically creating all the contracts,
negotiating with each other, and a human
can't absorb all this data. Like you
literally can't. Like it has to be an
agent plus a human, otherwise you
wouldn't be able to do the complexity of
these transactions.
>> You're probably at that point now where
you know, an LM can digest all case law
ever written, every transcript, every
argument, everything. Whereas a human
could never
>> could never do that. Exactly. And my
point is, the expectations are just
going to change, right? Like if you
think about the the largest effect that
email had on the legal industry was
people expected you to respond with work
product faster.
>> Right.
>> That's it, right? Like that's the main
thing that it did. Um it's going to be
the same here, right? Like again, it's a
supply and demand market, and so you
have a bunch of competition. And if
you're a firm and you say, "Hey, I can
get this deal closed in 48 hours."
And another firm says, "It'll take me 3
weeks." If I'm a CEO and I want a deal
to get done, I want the one that's done
in 48 hours so it doesn't get leaked to
the press,
um so that you know, someone doesn't get
cold feet or something, my stock price
goes down, something like that, right?
And so, there's a huge value and a
competitive pressure that will come from
just being able to do these things
faster and at higher quality.
>> Faster and more accurate. Is that what
you mean by quality?
>> For sure. One way to think about the
professional services is they're
cyclical and counter-cyclical, but
mostly cyclical, right? And so, like
legal I'll just use legal for as an
example.
A lot of the revenue from the top law
firms comes from M&A, right? Or
transactional work, which is mostly
cyclical, right? And so, the economy
goes up, the economy booms, and you have
more M&A, right? And so, I think that
folks think a lot about legal in a
vacuum, where they say, "Oh, these LLMs,
you know, are going to get so good that
they can do all legal work, etc." And
what they're missing is it can do legal
work today. What does legal work look
like in 10 years? Like, what is the
product review for a lawyer look like
when Meta can ship 50 times as many
products daily, right? That is going to
change a lot of this world.
>> And you don't see a world in sort of the
next 5 years where there's like almost
an all AI law firm, where it's, you
know, I call up, I get Harvey on the
line, and I give my case, I give all the
facts, and then all of a sudden all the
briefs come out, all all the
information, the documents get filed
with courts.
>> So, you can't do that in the US right
now. Um so, you need a lawyer.
Basically, there there's two rules. Um
one is state by state, which is the
unauthorized practice of law. It's
actually a felony.
Um and so, you know, you actually need
to be barred in order to give legal
advice.
Um and then the other one is an ethical
rule. So, it's by the ABA,
um
which basically says that you can't have
in uh non-lawyers invest in a law firm.
And so, the combination of those two
make it actually impossible to do what
you just said, other than in Arizona and
Utah, where they have changed the rules
to create a sandbox. They've created
like a regulatory sandbox, where you can
experiment with that, and you don't
actually both of those are done. Yeah.
>> That's fascinating. Do lawyers have an
obligation to disclose that they're
using AI on client work?
>> It completely depends
on the client right now. A jurisdiction
by jurisdiction and state by state, but
right now mostly it is driven like the
consensus of it is is driven by client
by client. So and that's changed a lot,
right? Like over the past
three and a half years I'd say it's
changed every six months, three months
maybe. Where some clients are like oh
you can use it on this, you can't use it
on anything, now you can use it on
everything.
>> Right.
>> Um and the transition like most
generally has been
uh 2023 was don't use it at all or you
have to tell me exactly what you're
using it for.
Don't use it and if you are you have to
tell me exactly how on these like very
small use cases. 2024 was you can use it
by certain different types of matters.
So like I'm okay with you using it for
IP work, but I'm not okay with for you
using it for you know, something else.
And then 2025 started being you need to
use it and you need to tell me how
you're using it and how you're saving me
money.
>> I was talking to somebody in private
equity a couple nights ago who spends a
fortune on legal fees
and they had mentioned one of the things
that surprised them the most is they're
not seeing those legal fees come down at
all despite the firms that they're
engaged with using tools like Harvey on
the back end. Why is that?
>> I think that there's two reasons for
this. One is the tools at this point do
task automation, but they don't do like
entire workflow automation. So it's hard
to exactly say where the savings are,
right? So my point with this is like the
the tools are not at the point where
they can automate entire diligence,
right? They can automate bits and pieces
of the diligence and so I think it's
hard for the law firms right now to come
up with exactly how much time have they
saved, exactly, you know, what are the
benefits and ROI of these tools. That's
going to change really, really fast and
we're starting to see that change fast
now.
The other thing that needs to happen, I
think, is the in-house teams as they
adopt it more and more, they understand
what the law firm could be using, right?
And for a while the in-house teams
weren't really adopting this, they were
about a year behind. And so they didn't
really have insight into like, what
could you do with the tools, right? Like
how much of this work could be done by
AI, etc. And I think that there needs to
be a lot more communication between the
two sides. And a lot of what we're doing
with our product, and this is what I was
talking about earlier where it's not
just a product, it's basically like how
do you map the product onto like what
are the problems in the industry and
move the industry forward. A lot of what
we're doing is how do we build something
that's collaborative between the two.
So, you know, an in-house team can work
with a law firm plus AI and the law
firm's using AI to the best of their
capabilities, they use, you know, their
expert data and all of those things on
top, the in-house team does the work
that they want to do and then they pass
the rest of the law firm all of that.
>> If you had to distill the three biggest
lessons you've learned about running a
company
into principles, what would they be?
>> Yeah. So, number one is once you get to
a certain level of distribution, and by
that I just mean some customers know who
you are,
founders should spend almost all of
their time on product. All like as much
as possible.
Um
the biggest mistakes I've ever made as a
as an exec are I step away from product
and I try to make up for it with doing
sales. Terrible, terrible idea. Like it
doesn't work. It helps you for a couple
quarters and it feels great and you're
like, yeah, I'm like saving all this
stuff, but product is the only thing
that scales. It's the only thing, right?
Um and so I think like fo- focusing on
product is number one. Number two is do
you have the right people in the right
positions? Um like that is just so
important. And I don't think I don't
think you can ever spend enough time on
that. That's not by the way just like
hiring and firing at all. That's also
like is this person the right fit for
this role? Are you doing a good job of
mentoring this person? Are they doing a
good job of mentoring their team? All of
those things, right? Are there clear
swim lanes um etc. And then the third
thing I think is vision setting needs to
have flexibility like massively. And so
people really and I haven't got this
right. This is like of those of these
three, these the first two I've probably
done the best job of improving at least
and I'm not like excellent at them but
I've done a better job of improving.
Number three's the hardest which is
how do you vision set at the right
level? That I still struggle with
massively where sometimes remember in
like uh
Q3 of last year
I wrote this like long doc and it was
like the vision for the product for like
five years or whatever, a long time.
And I think it was interpreted as like
okay we should go build that right now.
It was a huge mistake and we like missed
some of our product timings and launches
cuz I didn't do a good job communicating
that. And so like what level of vision
setting are you doing? Is it really
important for building a company? And I
think I still need to do a much better
job of that of like when do I do the
super high level vision?
And when do I do the like no no what do
we need to do today? What do we need to
do tomorrow? Still struggle with that.
>> We've talked about a lot of things
you've gotten wrong today. What do you
think you've gotten right?
>> I'm really proud of my team.
Um
like insanely proud of my team. And it's
a it's hard cuz I I like I have very
high standards and I'm harsh. Uh and
I've actually if they listen to this
this is probably the first time I'm I'm
saying I'm proud of my team.
Uh no I but like I can definitely be
like pretty harsh. But I think that like
we have built a very resilient group of
folks
um, and they really care like about the
company. And it feels like
if to me
if we can survive the next like kind of
chaos years, I think that we are really
set up for the long term. And I'm really
proud of that because I'd rather that be
the case than we're like a flash in the
pan company and we've done a lot of
things that are really good for like
short-term growth and all that, um, but
we haven't set ourselves up for long
term. But I think that
because of the choices that my
co-founder and I have made and a lot of
the choices on who we've hired and how
we've thought about structuring the team
and what we should thought about
building and how we've done our brand
and like all who which customers we want
to work with, how we treat our
customers, all of those things,
we're really trying to think about the
long term and we sacrificed some ground
on the short term, by the way. Like
we've sacrificed a decent amount of
ground to competitors because, you know,
we really wanted to land customers and
then keep them. And so we invested in a
tremendous amount on like what happens
post sales, right?
Um, that's a small example, but it's
things like that. I would rather
we don't have a ceiling
as a company. I'd rather set up and feel
like that than feel we're going to
maximize like the next 3 years and then
like we're screwed, but at least we
maximize the next 3 years. I don't know.
It's been hard for me to do that. It's
hard to do that when you have like the
looming, you know, everything else
that's going on, but I'm proud of that.
>> We always end with the same question,
which is how do you define success?
>> Yeah, there's a a lot of ways that I
think
you we would like define success for the
company, um, which I mean at this point
like you kind of merge with your company
to some degree when you're working on it
this much, but
I think that
I want to feel like we left everything
on the table. Like we really did in the
next couple of years, we had, you know,
I and again I shout out to Harley for
this because I definitely did steal it
from him. I really feel like you have to
like re-earn your position every 6
months. And to me, every 6 months that
bar gets so much higher. And right now,
it I mean, doubles or triples in in
height. And I want to get to the point
where I feel like we did everything we
could every 6 months to get over that
bar. And that would make me feel
incredibly proud of whatever we built,
honestly. And I think that would make me
feel proud of the team and proud of
everything else, too.
>> It sounds like leaving it all on the
field is part of how you would
personally define success, too.
>> Yeah, and I think like for me, you know,
I didn't really find my way for like 27
years before doing this company. And I
definitely had some periods in my life
of like dealing with pretty bad like
mental health problems and things like
that. And this is the most fun I've ever
had. Like it's not even close. I mean,
this is also like it's very painful, but
it is by far the most I've ever enjoyed
life. It's it's it's genuinely not
close. Like I feel like there was a life
before this and there was a life after,
and I never want to go to life before.
And so, I think I'm just extremely
grateful for like the position I'm in,
and I don't want to lose that position.
Like I just don't want to lose it. And I
don't want to feel like I you know, kind
of
didn't put everything that I possibly
could into it when I had the
opportunity.